[Doc] Fix FormDataConsumer usage example (#8189)
marmelab/react-admin: docs/Inputs.md

 );
```

> **Important**: By default `react-hook-form` submits values of unmounted input components, so if you don't want this behaivour you can set `shouldUnregister` prop to `true` in the form

Reviewer: I'd put the shouldUnregister directly in the first example (L513) instead of duplicating it. then, you can explain why it's necessary.

 );
```

> **Important**: By default `react-hook-form` submits values of unmounted input components, to prevent this from happen in the above example, `shouldUnregister` prop was set to `true` in the `<SimpleForm>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: By default, `react-hook-form` submits values of unmounted input components. In the above example, the `shouldUnregister` prop of the `<SimpleForm>` component prevents that from happening. That way, when end users hide an input, its value isn't included in the submitted data.
```
